Name	Persists	Description	Source	Resolution	Beat trigger	Effect
Gorged	●	Your Satiety is comfortably sated. You inflict Nightmares easily, but are not resistant to supernatural compulsion.	BTP 320	Reduce Satiety to 6 or increase to 10	Choose to fail a roll because you're lazy. Only when you're trying to be proactive and there are consequences.	 +2 to open primordial Pathways
Ravenous	●	Your hunger consumes you, both mentally and physically, until you find sustenance.	BTP 320	Regain a point of Satiety	When you would normally fill your hunger at stiety 1-3 take a beat instead	Can't spend willpower except for Satiety. No regaining willpower except by taking actients to replenish Seity (potential 1 to 6). Every day you don't replenish Satiety, take a point of lethal. Cannot heal lethal or agg while Ravenous
Sated	●	Your Satiety sits in an uncomfortable middle, and you are vulnerable to Anathema.	BTP 320	Reduce Satiety to three or increase to 7	When you pursue Satiety at risk of harm, when you spend satiety needlessly. If you place an Anathema on a character.	No bonuses
Abruption		Your supernatural prowess is severely hobbled by a dominant outside force.	BTP 321	Near death experience. Collapse into a chamber rousing a horror.	Experience a meaningful failure due to humanity; being rejected by your supernatural kin	Lose access to your atavisms, nightmares, beast merits, birthrights.
Slumbering	●	You've feasted too much, and your Horror sleeps to digest, denying you its power.	BTP 321	Take Beaten Down or appropriate Condition	n/a	Lose a number of sucesses on a Power equal to inflicting Beasts Lair +1, if power isn't rolled it just fails.
Starving	●	Your Satiety is low, making you sharp and ready to feed. Your Atavisms wax in power, but your Lair is hazy and distant.	BTP 321	Increase Satiety to 4	Take irrational risks in pursuit of Satiety. 	-2 to open Primordial Pathways. Add Lair rating to Power while in Lair
Cursed		A supernatural curse dooms your efforts in a given field.	BTP 322	If real, remove curse. If false, get therapy		Any failure in cursed area is a dramatic. Spend 1WP to negate for one action
Family Ties	●	You've united your power in concert with a Primordial Beast.	BTP 322	Break family ties	You encounter troulbe with others of your kind due to your connection with Beast	Use Beast's Resistance for supernatural powers. Gain +1 to teamwork rolls to help beast
Fragile		You're using equipment not sturdy enough to endure continued use.	CofD 102	The equipment breaks, everyone involved gains a beat
Volatile		You're using unstable equipment prone to backfiring.	CofD 102	Suffer a dramatic failure using the equipment. One beat to everyone involved.
Addicted	●	You have an addiction, which is to be specififed. Failure to partake results in Deprived Condition	GMC 181	Regain a dot of integrity, lose a dot of integrity, achieve an exceptional sucess on a breaking point	You get a fix instead of doing what you're suppose to
Amnesia	●	You've lost a large swath of memory.	CofD 288	You regain your memory	Something problematic arrives, such as a forgotten warrant or old enemy
Blind	○	You've lost or can't exercise your sense of sight.	CofD 288	You regain your sight	Limitation or difficulty that heightens immediate danger	Sight rolls made with a chance die (or at -3 if appropriate alternative can be used)
Bonded		You've established trust with a particular animal.	CofD 288	The bonded animal dies		2 to influence the animal. Animal may add your Animal Ken to resist coercion of fear when you're near by. And to any one die roll.
Broken	●	Your will is broken and you back down from everything.	CofD 288	Regain a dot of integrity, lose a dot of integrity, achieve an exceptional sucess on a breaking point	Back down from a confrontation or fail a roll due to this condition	Appply -2 to all social rolls involving Resolve and -5 to all Intimidation rolls
Connected	○	You've made inroads with a particular group of people.	GMC 181	Lose your membership with group	Do a favour for the group that inconveniences you	 +2 to rolls effecting that group. Shed condition for automatic exceptional success on the next roll
Crippled (or Disabled)	○	You can't effectively walk on your own power.	CofD 288	You are cured	Your disability inconveniences you
Deprived	○	You're weakened by an unfed addiction.	CofD 288	You get a fix		Pools using Stamina, Composure, or Resolve are at a -1
Embarrassing Secret		There are skeletons in your closet to exploit.	CofD 289	The secret is made public. Or you prevent it from ever becoming known.		If the secret becomes known, exchange for Notereity
Fugue	●	You've shied away from trauma by shutting out the experience.	CofD 289	Regain a dot of integrity, lose a dot of integrity, achieve an exceptional sucess on a breaking point	Enter a fugue state	Roll (Resolve+Composure) when confronted with similar circumstances to source. If you fail, character falls under ST control for a week
Guilty		Feelings of remorse leave you emotionally vulnerable.	CofD 289	Confess your crime and make restitution		You gain a -2 to Resolve+Composure to defend against Subterfuge, Empathy or Intimidation
Informed		You're well equipped to tackle a given subject.	CofD 289	As above		When you make a roll relating to the topic you are Informed about, you may resolve this. If the roll failed, you got one success. If it succeeded, it was exceptional.
Inspired		The spirit moves you to confident action.	CofD 289	As above		Exceptional success on a roll related to the source on 3 instead of five and you gain a point of willpower
Leveraged		A particular character is holding something over your head to compel you.	CofD 289	Either as above or by applying Leveraged to the specified character		The specified character uses Leveraged to compel you to do something
Lost		You've lost your sense of place and need to reorient.	CofD 289	You give up on finding your way or suceed as above		Lose one die from Composure Rolls until you suceed in finding your bearings (Wits+Streetwise in the city or Wits+Survival in the wilderness)
Madness	●	Unnatural horror has shattered your ability to process life.	CofD 289	Regain a dot of integrity, lose a dot of integrity, achieve an exceptional sucess on a breaking point	Fail a roll because of this condition	The ST can apply a pool of dice as a negative modifier to any mental or social roll against you.
Mute	○	You cannot speak or use your voice.	CofD 290	You regain your voice	You suffer a limitation that makes things worse
Notoriety		Odious blame follows you, whether true or not.	CofD 290	The story is proven false or you clear your name		-2 to social rolls for anyone who knows. You must open one extra Door in social maneuvering against anyone who knows
Obsession	○	Something controls your attention and distracts from all else.	CofD 290	Shed or purge your fixation	Fail to do something important because you were obsessed	9 again on all rolls related. No 10 again on unrelated rolls
Shaken		You're shocked or deeply rattled, unsteadying your hand.	CofD 290	Give in to your fear and fail a roll
Soulless	●	Your soul has been stripped from you, gradually sapping your will.	CofD 290	Regain your soul	Lose integrity because you indulge your vice	Rolls to avoid posession are at a -2. You do not regain willpower through surrender or rest and use of virtue and vice is reversed. Regaining Willpower through vice is now a breaking point with a -5 die penalty.
Spooked		Otherworldly wonder moves you unwisely.	CofD 291	Hinder the group focusing on your spookedness
Steadfast		Your resolve to act is steeled and ready.	CofD 291	As above		Roll a single normal die instead of a chance die, or turn a failed roll into one with 1 success
Swooned		You're charmed or bedazzled by a particular person.	CofD 291	Do something stupid for the object of your affection or fail a roll to resist a social action by them.		-2 to rolls to effect object of affection adveresely, they get +2 to all social rolls against you.
The Sibyl's Tongue	●	Supernatural revelations can only be shared in High Speech, or by spending Willpower, through riddles or allegory.	DE 78	Acquire a supernatural template	Delay other's understanding	Supernatural senses can only be described in High Speech, which you do not understand
Unintended Medium		A lingering ghost or spirit is able to subject you to harrowing visions.	DEC 273	When the spirit or ghost has achieved its goals, or it is exorcised.		When you are stressed, roll Resolve + Composure. If you fail, you lose all sense of time.
Sickly		Disease is making its way through your system.	DSG 105
Faith	●	Your trust in the next world can be exploited by angelic forces.	DSG 81
Plugged In		You've jacked an angel's Cover, and the God-Machine is watching you as if you were that angel.	DTD 118	Complete the task the angel was created for, or get a ccess to Infrastructure that can disconnect you from the GMC.		Any time you gain a Condition from compromise, you gain the Blown Condition
Betrayed	●	Someone you trusted has sided with the God-Machine against you.	DTD 119	Kill the traitor, turn them, or take a new Cover 	Your betrayer inconveniences you, puts you in danger, or ruins your plans	Your betrayer gets 8 again against you
Blown	●	One of your Covers is useless, and the God-Machine is now actively targeting it.	DTD 119	Destroy your Blown Cover	Angels or GM agents discover you	Can't spoof Angels, GMC or the Unseen Sense (God Machine)
Hunted	●	Dangerous enemies have your trail.	DTD 119	Kill or lose your pursuers	The pursuers find and attack you
Impostor		You've let the lies of Legend pile up.	DTD 119	Buy a dot in a merit or skill you impersonated.		-1 cumulative penalty each time you use Legend, resolving this provides a Cover Beat
Blackballed		The heat you've drawn makes you a liability for nearby demons.	DTD 120	Gain a dot of Cover or convince a fellow PC to help you despite the risk		Other demons in your presence suffer -2 on compromises
Flagged		The agents of the God-Machine have their attentions directed your way.	DTD 120	Convince an agent of the GM you're human without spoofing		-3 to attempts to spoof agents of the GM
Surveilled		Agents of the God-Machine are compiling intelligence to identify you.	DTD 120	You gain the Hunted Condition or nullify your surveyors		Storyteller rolls each chapter. When they have enough successes, you gain the Hunted condition
Aetheric Bleed		Exertion in demonic form has you releasing accumulated Aether.	DTD 209	Run out of Aether, harvest Aether from Infrastructur or leave demonic form.		Lose at least one aether per turn
Demonic Disconnect		You've failed to maintain human empathy while in your demonic form.	DTD 209	Choose to fail a social roll against a human, or leave your demonic form.		-2 to all social roles dealing with humans
Demonic Rage		Pain and frustration suffered in demonic form provoke frenzied violence.	DTD 210	DKill somoene, there's no one left to kill, or leave your demonic form		-2 to any non attack physical action
Captivated		You're heavily preoccupied with something and can't split your attention.	DTD 211	Stop using Clairvoyant Sight or choose to fail an action or relent to an action taken against you		-3 to all actions that aren't your focus, and to defense.
Disoriented		You've lost equilibrium and need an opportunity to recenter.	DTD 211	Find something to orient yourself or the power that caused this ends		-2 to all physical actions and cannot make ranged attacks
Prepared for Anything		The Inquisitor Agenda. Resolve to make an instant logical connection or breakthrough.	DTD 93	Make a leap of logic that leads to a revelation.	Gain a beat when you cause your ring to reconsider or change their course of action.
Angel Empathy		The Integrator Agenda. Resolve to understand and exploit the angelic mindset.	DTD 95	You put yourself in the Angels mindset.	The character puts the ring at risk or makes the ring suspicious of his motives.
An Eye for Disorder		The Saboteur Agenda. Resolve to intuit the best course of action to upend a system into chaos.	DTD 97	Turn harmony into dissonance.	Draw attention to yourself by damaging a system.
I Know Someone		The Tempter Agenda. Resolve to make the right connections to fit in anywhere.	DTD 99	You know someone in the right place at the right time	Delegate a task that causes risks, or avoid getting your hands dirty
Implanted	●	You have a weird gadget implanted in your body and this is not normal.	FoH 155
Phantom Pain	●	Your focus is disrupted by the gnawing feeling of a missing demonic form ability.	FoH 160
Of the Machine		The demon has god-hacked to disguise her fallen nature within a project.	FoH 78
Memory Hole		Errors in god-hacking have disrupted your access to a particular Skill.	FoH 80
Overclocked		You've stored more Aether than your body can normally process at once, and must soon vent the excess.	FoH 81
Detached	●	You've run with occult circles for so long you've forgotten how to interact with humans.	HD 123	Spend 24 hours away from all Supernaturals	Deatchment causes a negative social situation	-2 to all Social roles in the company of mortals
Energized		A chemically induced rush.	HD 123	After use, or one scene passes		 +2 to your next action, providing it doesn't require calm or care
Hunger		You feel a violent, desperate need for Vitae.	HD 123	Drink Vitae, sucessfully resist the urge		-2 to Resolve+Composure to resist obtaining Vitae
Inbred	●	Ghoul family lineage emerges as a glaring affliction without Vitae.	HD 123	Whenever you have Vitae in your system, you ignore the ill effects	Whenever your affliction contributes a negative penalty to a dice pool (once per scene)
Recovery	●	The pain and weakness of breaking a heavy chemical dependency.	HD 123	Regain a dot of Integrity. Or last (16 - Willpower) weeks without Vitae. Lose too dots across one or more Attributes	Drink Vitae, Take the drug you're addicted to	-3 to all pools requiring care. -4 if going cold turkey
Blood Siblings		Your fate has been bound by obligation to aid another, regardless of your will.	HD 43	Self sacrifice for your sibling.		Your sibling can spend your Willpower if she can directly perceive you. You can communicate to her through your sympathy with a successful Resolve roll.
Feral	●	Gangrel blood affliction, manifest as a Vice of violent abuse.	HD 43	Refuse a fight when it would be the best solution	Make a situation worse for yourself or your allies with violent escalation
Malcontent	●	Daeva blood affliction, manifest as a Vice of lashing out.	HD 43	Rekindle a broken relationship with a dramatic demonstration and no supernatural help	Break off a relationship in a way that hurts the other person somehow
Voyeuristic	●	Mekhet blood affliction, manifest as a Vice of lurid fascination.	HD 43	Expose yourself by revealing important secrets or weaknesses, confess a crime, put your wellbeing in someone else's hands, let someone watch you in a compromising or damning situation	Put yourself or someone you care about at risk through your spying
Alienated	●	Nosferatu blood affliction, manifest as a Vice of self-persecuting isolation.	HD 44	Make a genuine commitment to a group that you already quit, or a new one after causing or being in trouble associated with it. They must accept you.	Cut ties from a group, or be harmed by your outsider status
Domineering	●	Ventrue blood affliction, manifest as a Vice of control and superiority.	HD 44	Permanently give up leadership. Let someone else push you around and humiliate you in front of others. Refuse to take charge in a bind when you would be best suited to take charge.	You or your allies get hurt or in trouble because someone obeyed your orders
Arm Disability	●	At least one arm is either chronically or permanently nonfunctional.	HL 57	Appropriate medical care or supernatural treatment.	The Condition prevents you from from performing an action or you fail a roll penalized by it.	One arm: drop anything held. Off-hand penalties for all rolls. Two hands: Chance dies on rolls requiring manual dexterity, -3 to all other physical actions
Chronic Agony	●	You're vulnerable to incapacitating pain spells.	HL 57	Appropriate medical care or supernatural treatment.	The Condition prevents you from from performing an action or you fail a roll penalized by it.	Imposes the effects of the Agony Tilt
Chronic Sickness	●	Sickness or poison lingers in you, aggravated by stress.	HL 57	Appropriate medical care or supernatural treatment.	The Condition prevents you from from performing an action or you fail a roll penalized by it.	Take -1 to all actions. The penalty increases every two turns for a maximum of -5
Deaf	●	Your hearing is severely impaired.	HL 58	Appropriate medical care or supernatural treatment.	The Condition prevents you from from performing an action or you fail a roll penalized by it.	Fail a perception roll.
Leg Disability	●	At least one leg is either chronically or permanently nonfunctional.	HL 58	Appropriate medical care or supernatural treatment.	The Condition prevents you from from performing an action or you fail a roll penalized by it.	Fail a physical roll, suffer another disadvantage due to the disability
Doubtful	●	You've lost confidence in all but your most secure actions.	HMR 147
Vocalization		You've been cursed with harrowing sounds and voices.	HMR 147
Emboldened		An uninhibited atmosphere makes you impulsive and prone to temptation.	HMR 150
Ensorcelled	○	You've fallen in thrall to a supernatural being.	HMR 153
Activated	●	The God-Machine has broken your Cipher. You have four Key Embeds and three Interlocks, but once per session, the God-Machine may act through you.	HtH 35
Catalogued		The God-Machine is probing your Cipher. You have two Key Embeds and an Interlock, but the God-Machine is watching your status.	HtH 35
Examined		The God-Machine has accessed your Cipher. You have three Key Embeds and two Interlocks, but you're scrutinized enough to pose demons a risk of compromise through you.	HtH 35
Noted		The God-Machine is looking for your Cipher. You have one Key Embed.	HtH 35
Abyssal Nimbus		A Paradox has leaked across your Nimbus and invites Abyssal manifestations.	MTA 2e 116	An Abyssal Entitly Manifests because of the Condition, Scour the Condition from your Pattern, or the Condition lapses	Gain an Arcane Beat when this Condition lapses
Abyssal Backlash		A Paradox casts a shadow over you, threatening to break through on the next spell that gives it an opening.	MTA 2e 117	Cast a spell that does not risk Paradox, Scour the Condition from your Pattern, the condition lapses	Gain an Arcane Beat when this Condition lapses
Abyssal Imago		A Paradox intrudes upon the spells you envision, compelling dangerous Reach.	MTA 2e 117	Fully contain a Paradox, Scour the Condition from your Pattern, or the Condition lapses	Gain an Arcane Beat when this Condition lapses
Charmed		You benefit from a blessing of luck and turns of fortune.	MTA 2e 315	As above		Reduce damaage from an injury to 1 or invoke some other form of good luck.
Defeated		A rival has won magical advantage over you in the Duel Arcane.	MTA 2e 315	Humble yourself in public, at great cost, or the winner uses the sympathy.	You are abused or humliated because of your defeat	You can not spend Willpower or use magic in any way to harm the mage who defeated you. The mage who defeated you has Strong sympathy with you
Ennervated	●	Your soul is slipping further away from you 	MTA 2e 315	Regain your soul	Lose a dot of willpower	You cannot regain Willpower through your Virtue. Each time you do your permanent willpoewr drops by one dot until you regain Willpower to the new maximum.
Humbled		Someone stands to you as a valuable reminder of the power of humanity.	MTA 2e 316	You sacrifice yourself in the name of the person or thing that humbled you.	Any time you might act arrogantly, you may choose to take a dramatic failure rather than attempt it.
Megalomaniacal		You are blinded by hubris.	MTA 2e 317	HUrt someone important to you in a way that risks Wisdom Loss		Automatically fail any roll with the Empathy. You also have the Selfish Vice and a Dominate Others Obsession.
Mystery Commands	●	You receive the arcane will of the Exarchs.	MTA 2e 317	Cut off ties to your Exarch.	You face a meaningful setback on account of the commands
Rampant		Your spellcasting is ruled by a cavalier, reckless attitude.	MTA 2e 317	Suffer a paradox		Using a mundane approach to a solution you can use magic for takes a willpower. Gain the "Wield Magic Indiscriminately" Obsession.
Soul Shocked		Your sense of self is healing after experiencing death outside the body.	MTA 2e 318	Regain full willpower		Roll your current willpower points. Ignore 10 again, and do not roll a chance die if pool is 0 just roll 1. Keep as many willpower as you rolled successes. You do not regain willpower from Virtue, Vice or equivalent. Only from rest, surrender and other means
Strained		You've held back the shock of witnessing supernal sorcery, but the pressure remains.	MTA 2e 318	Suffer an Integrity loss. Take an additional beat		-1 to next breaking point roll. If this reaches -5 (from the Strained Merit), you roll for the breaking point at -5
Thrall	●	You are well and truly soul-broken.	MTA 2e 318	Regain a soul	you are victimized because of your condition	You may not use your Defense, spend willpower for any reason, spend Experience. You suffer the Broken Condition. Mages can no longer cast spells.
Triumphant		You carry your victory in the Dual Arcane with you in Awakened society.	MTA 2e 319	The first time you fail a social roll with a member of Awakened society, take a beat and the condition ends	Any time you throw your sucess in someone's face	You gain exceptional successes on 3 instead of 5 on Social rolls with any Awakened who knows of the duel.
Destructive	●	The Refinement of Flux. Spend Pyros to ignore Durability or Armor equal to your Azoth.	PTC 2e 251
Agoraphobic		You avoid open spaces and crowds.	PTC 2e 306	Gain or lose a dot of Pilgrimage, achieve an exceptional success on a step backwards.		Any time there are more people present than the sum of your resolve and Composure, you are at -2 to Initiative, perception, and any action requiring careful focus. Crowds force Resolve + Composure roll, on a failure you flee. Any action not related to finding somewhere indoors and safe are at a -3 for the scene
Alienated		You're feeling distanced from your fellow Prometheans.	PTC 2e 306	Opt to fail a social roll involving another Promethean		-2 to social rolls with others Social rolls with others of his kind. All beats provided by this condition are group beats.
Atavistic		Your composure is overcome by sensory metamorphosis.	PTC 2e 306	Suceed in a roll using a Mental Attribute		All mental attributes take a -2 (minimum 1). This affects derived traits.
Branded Throng	●	Your bond with your throng allows Pyros to flow, and its balance dampens the destructive aspect of your Azoth.	PTC 2e 306	Spend one Pyros to erase you rown brand or each other member spends 1 to expel you	You are endangered, harmed, severely inconvenienced, forced to reveal emotions that you would have kept secret. This can only be done once per chapter.	 +2 to Empathy rolls on Throng mates. You may share Pyros with throngmates through the brand. Resist Torment rolls suffer a -1 for all throngmates in your Lineage, but +1 for each that doesn.t Rolls to inflict Disquiet add one die for each member with the lineage, but -1 for each that doesn't. All Branded Throng of the ame lineage add to the highest effective Azoth for the purposes of Wasteland Festering, all members of different lineage subtract.
Burnout		The Divine Fire within is overstoked and causes you pain.	PTC 2e 307	Choose to fail an action where the penalty is in play		-2 to all actions other than Vuclanus Transumation
Callous		You're tempted to view humans as tools.	PTC 2e 307	Opt to fail a social roll involving a human		-2 to all Empathy rolls
Degaussed		Your volatile Pyros disrupts local electromagnetics.	PTC 2e 307	The electric disruption causes you significant problem. Alternately you may energize the Azothig Detonation Distillation and unleash a pulse to reset your personal field.
Disconnected		Frustration in your Pilgrimage causes you to shrink from human interaction.	PTC 2e 308	Complete a milestone. Spend an hour talking with a normal human.		-2 to all social pools dealing with humans
Disquieted		A Promethean's presence increasingly distracts and overwhelms you.	PTC 2e 308	Stay away from the Promethean that caused it for a week		Per the book
Ephemeral Anchor		Your internal alchemy invites ephemeral activity around you.	PTC 2e 309	You are caused a setback because of it		You act as Open
Fatigued		You've pushed yourself too far, and your fatigue hangs over you constantly.	PTC 2e 309	Sleep for 8 hours +1 for every period you remained awake.		Cumulative -1 penalty to all dice penalties every 6 hours. Every 6 hours you must roll Resolve + Stamina to remain awake. Penalty applies. Strenuos labour increases the penalty to -2 or -3
Flawed Vessel		Your internal alchemy has calcified, temporarily freezing up some of your Pyretic ability.	PTC 2e 309	You are reminded of your nature in a manner which induces Disquiet. You witness or cuase a Firestorm. Achieve an exceptional success on Transmutation or Bestowment.		Your Azoth is now considerered Magnitude, maximum 5, for how many Pyros you can retain and spend per turn.
Fragile		Your internal alchemy has temporarily brought physical imperfections to the fore.	PTC 2e 309	Take two or points of damage due to this condition.		Any time you suffer damage, take an extra bashing.
Greedy Brand		You act as a Pyretic magnet, helplessly leeching out the Pyros from others.	PTC 2e 310	Cause a Firestorm or form a wasteland due to your wasted Pyros.		You pull a poinht of Pyros from the throngmate with the highest Azoth every scene. It is wasted, but counts as having been spent for the purposes of Firestorm or Wasteland
Hyperextended		Your body's abilities are strained to the breaking point, risking injury.	PTC 2e 310	Heal the inflicted damage		Any physical roll you fail causes you your (modified) Strength in bashing damage.
Irritable		The Divine Fire roils inside you, leaving you restless and uneasy.	PTC 2e 310	Opt to fail a Composure roll or to have your Composure not subtracted from a resisted roll against you.		-2 to all rolls including Composure
Kinesthesia		Your focus on your reflexes interferes with concentration.	PTC 2e 310	Opt to fail an Intelligence roll or your distraction causes you to commit a life endangering error.		-2 to all Intelligence rolls.
Murderous		A Pandoran's presence taints your instincts with predatory violence.	PTC 2e 311	You are no longer in the Pandoran's presence or have reduce a human to their last health box.		Select a nearby creature, they are now your prey for the scene. You pay spend a willpower to roll Resolve + Composure, success allows you to flee.
Reckless		You're overtaken by uncautious caprice.	PTC 2e 311	You, or one of your allies, suffer from amajor setback due to your recklessness		-2 to Perception rolls and other Composure rolls to notice something.
Regressive		You've lost your grip on human motives and behavior.	PTC 2e 311	Gain a willpower from your Elpis or fail a social roll interacting with humans.		-2 to all social pools dealing with humans
Stricken		A Pandoran's presence infects you with horror and fright.	PTC 2e 312	You are no longer in the pandoran's presensce. You now gain the Fugue Condition.		You may run, cower or hide freely. All other actions are at -2
Synesthesia		Your senses are overactive and disrupt one another.	PTC 2e 312	Opt to fail a perception roll.		-2 to all Percption rolls
Terrified		A Pandoran's presence whips you into panicked retreat.	PTC 2e 312	You are no longer in the pandoran's presence.		You must spend a willpower to remain in the scene. All actions are at -2 if you do.
Tormented		Pain and suffering have severely imbalanced your alchemical humours.	PTC 2e 312	Witness your Elpis. Perform a task related to your Elpis. Burn enough Pyros to create a Wasteland, cause a Firestorm, change Refinements to any other than Tin.	Cause a dramatic setback for yoursel of your Throng. 	You suffer your TOrmennt. Willlpower can only be resolved using the TOrment
Watched	●	Someone is stalking you, suspicious of an unnatural secret you hide.	PTC 2e 312	Confront the stalker and get them to back off. Do something overtly supernatural.	Being caught by the stalker. Give them conclusive proof of your inhumanity.	-2 to all Wits + Composure
Masked	●	The Refinement of Mortality. Spend Pyros to delay the onset of Disquiet.	PTC 2e 44	The scene ends	Once per chapter, gain a beat by putting yoursellf in danger to protect or aid your human allies.
Patient	●	The Refinement of Self. Spend Pyros to raise your Azoth in Doors.	PTC 2e 47		Once per chapter, take a beat when you react to a tense or dangerous situation with precise thought and action.
Tenacious	●	The Refinement of Corpus. Spend Pyros to increase the number of rolls you can commit to an extended action.	PTC 2e 50		Once per chapter, take a beat when you stun or awe others with physical awesomeness
Introspective	●	The Refinement of Source. Suffer bashing damage to squeeze out a point of Pyros as an instant action.	PTC 2e 53		Once per chapter, take a beat when you overthink things leading to inaction.
Enraged	●	The Refinement of Torment. Recover Pyros from your Torment Anchor.	PTC 2e 56		Once per chapter, suffer a setback or put your throng on the back foot because of your anger or cruetly
Tuned In	●	The Refinement of Aid. Spend Pyros to sense the way to your throngmates.	PTC 2e 59		Once per chapter, take a beaty for putting a throngmate first and doing so
Sensitive	●	The Refinement of Mystery. Spend Pyros to identify the supernatural.	PTC 2e 62		Once per chapter, take a beat if you desciver a new facet of the supernatural or you expand your knowledge of a supernatural subject you are already familiar with.
Analyst	●	The Refinement of Impurity. Exploiting a Vice when Social Maneuvering is twice as effective.	PTC 2e 65		Once per chapter, take a beat for encouraging or enabling another's Vice or Torment
Resourceful	●	The Refinement of Pyros. Spend Pyros to increase a tool's equipment bonus temporarily.	PTC 2e 68		Once per chapter, take a beat when your thirst for knowledge harms those around you.
Intense	●	The Refinement of Ephemerality. Spend Pyros to open a Door at the cost of Disquiet.	PTC 2e 71		Once per chapter, opt to fail a stealth roll or add one die to a Disquiet roll.
Primeval Truths		Occult revelations disquiet you until you face them down.	SotC 184	Face the darkness. Risk Humanity Detachment.		You cannot regain Willpower, you must spend an additional Vitae to rise each night.
Oathbreaker	●	You suffer censure from the Invictus for breaking a blood oath.	SotC 189	Risk Final Death for an Invictus in a recognisable manner	An Invictus takes vengeance	Your Invictus status is capped at 3. Your Resources, Allies, Contacts, Herd and a single Mentor are capped at 4. All social failures among the Invictus are dramatic failures.
Bestial		Supernatural urges provoke animalistic fight-or-flight instincts.	VTR 2e 301	Cause damage in somone's last three healthboxes		Resisting frenzy, resisting physical impulse, and Defence suffer a -2. Actions to compel you to impulsive, aggressive or fleeing actions achieve exception on three successes, instead of five
Charmed	●	You're temporarily bewitched by vampiric Majesty.	VTR 2e 301	The Vampire harms you or someone you love, or you make a significant sacrifice for him.	You divulge a secret or perform a favour for the vampire	Vampire adds his awe successes to Manipulation rolls against you. You suffer his Majesty as a penalty to Wits and Empathy or Subterfuge to detect lies or true motives.
Competitive		A supernaturally imposed need for hierarchy goads you into contests and displays of dominance and submission.	VTR 2e 302	Win or lose a competition where someone reaches a breaking point.		Any competitive rolls you do not spend a willpower on suffer a -2. Any rolls to goad you into competition count as exceptional with three or more successes.
Confused		You can't think straight.	VTR 2e 302	Take thirty minutes to snap out of it, or take any lethal damage		All Intelligence and Wits rolls are at a -2
Delusional	●	Paranoid delusions dominate your behavior.	VTR 2e 302	You completely disprove your delusion, or destroy the vampire who is the source of your paranoia.	You remain resolute in your delusion, even in the face of evidence it is wrong.	You must spend a Willpower to come up with a credible explanation for your delusion
Dependent	●	You're obsessed with a vessel you've fed from, as if suffering a second-stage Vinculum.	VTR 2e 302	The mortal dies	You suffer a loss because you avoided responsibility for the obsession	You suffer all the effects of a second stage blood bond to the mortal.
Distracted		You're buffeted from all sides, splitting your attention terribly.	VTR 2e 302	Leaving the swarm		Apply a -2 penalty to all rolls involving perception, concentration or precision. This condition does **not** provide a beat when resolved.
Dominated		A vampire has temporarily stolen your will with a given command.	VTR 2e 302	Take more bashing or lethal damage than your stamina. Experience a Breaking point while following the command and then suceeding at the Resolve + Composure rolll. Follow the command		You do what you were told
Drained		You're weak and woozy from blood loss.	VTR 2e 303	All lethal healed through normal means		-2 to all Physical actions and rolls to stabilize and survive injuries. After exertion must make a Stamina roll or fall unconcsious.
Ecstatic		Blood sorcery has pleased the Beast's appetites.	VTR 2e 303	Feeding, sleeping or resisting a frenzy.		You may feed as though your BP was three dots lower (minimum 1), and you get +2 to avoid frenzy.
Enslaved	●	A vampire has your will helplessly in her thrall.	VTR 2e 303	Kill the vampire, or undo her mental control by supernatural means.	Do something you wouldn't normally do.	You do what the vampire tells you to do. No resolve as a penalty for Entomed Command and Possession.
Enthralled	●	A vampire has bewitched you with a fanatical devotion to him.	VTR 2e 303	Take more lethal than your stamina protecting the vampire or suceed at a breaking point as above.	Put yourself in harm's way to protect the vampire.	You must spend a Willpower to take any action that goes against the command of your Vampiric master. This is a breaking point. If you fail, you cannot do it. If you suceed, you can act freely.
False Memories	●	Supernatural forces have overwritten your memories of an event.	VTR 2e 303	Suceed at the breaking point as above	You trust someone or take risks based on your fake memories	Seeing proof that your memory is fake is a breaking point.
Frightened		You're terrified and moved to panic and flee.	VTR 2e 304	You escape the source		You must flee. Roll to avoid frenzy if you can't. Supress this effect for a turn with a Willpower
Humbled		Your will as a monster shrinks from divine judgment.	VTR 2e 304	Regian a Willpower using your Masquerade		-2 to Resolve rolls, you cannot regain Willpower from your Requiem
Intoxicated		Your discretion is dulled by altered consciousness.	VTR 2e 304	Sleep it off or face a breaking point		-2 to all Dex and Wits rolls. You have 2 fewer Doors in social manuevering
Jaded		Your detachment from the concerns of Humanity baits out the Beast.	VTR 2e 304	Meaningful interaction with a Touchstone		Rolls to resist frenzy are capped by your Humanity and you cannot spend Willpower to resist
Languid		The loss of worldly Touchstones has you feeling the weight of ages and the call of torpor.	VTR 2e 304	Fall into Torpor		Every night you suffer a cumulative -1 penalty to all actions. Waking from daysleep requires a point of Vitae for each dot of BP
Lethargic		Fatigue tires you so heavily you cannot muster Willpower.	VTR 2e 305	Sleep a full day		You cannot spend willpower. Every six hours you go without sleep imposes a -1 penalty ot all actions. Every six hours you must make Stamina + Resolve to resist sleep (penalty and all)
Mesmerized		You're temporarily vulnerable to a vampire's commands.	VTR 2e 305	Take any amount of bashing or lethal. Experience a breaking point fulfilling a command.		You do what you're told by the Vampire. Condition fades after a scene (this does not provide a beat)
Raptured		Religious fervor makes riding the wave easier.	VTR 2e 305	Frenzy or ride the wave.		You do not need to use Willpower to ride the wave and can do so with three successes instead of five.
Sated		The Beast is appeased enough to make frenzy less threatening.	VTR 2e 305	Frenzy or resist provocation to frenzy in a situation with a -3 penalty or worse.		 +1 to all rolls to resist frenzy
Scarred		You're rattled and volatile from a sudden assault.	VTR 2e 305	Deal three or more levels of lethal while physically lashing out at someone		-2 to resist fear. Anyone with a predatory aura trying to frighten or intimidate you gets +2
Stumbled		You face an unforseen problem in a ritual.	VTR 2e 306	The ritual ends		-3 to all remaining rolls in the ritual. Does not provide a beat upon resolution.
Subservient	●	A vampire is temporarily pressing down on your will to resist.	VTR 2e 306	Take more lethal than your stamina following the vampires commands or suceed at a breaking point while fulfilling a comand.	You do something you normally wouldn't because you're told to.	You follow commands as though you were Mezmerized unless you spend a willpower.
Tainted		A soul consumed through diablerie still struggles from within you.	VTR 2e 306	A number of months pass equal to the victim's BP. Each level of agg reduces that time by one month.		Once per chapter, the ST may impose a penalty of the Vampires BP or add dice to pools opposing you. You may have this more than once, for each victim of your amaranth.
Tasked		Your duty-bound allies have issued you a serious task you must carry out.	VTR 2e 307	Complete or fail the task.		8 again on all rolls for the task. No ten again on rolls not related.
Tempted		Resisting a frenzy has tested your will to resist the next.	VTR 2e 307	Kill, frenzy, have meaningful connection with a Touchstone		-1 to resist frenzy. Each time you resist, penalty increases by 1
Wanton		Supernatural stirring of naked desires and temptations.	VTR 2e 307	Indulge in something that constitutes a breaking point.		Composure or Resolve rolls are at a -2. The vampire who inflicted this gets exceptional successes at three to tempt you.
Atavism		The Lunacy stirs you into unreasoning violence.	WTF 2e 306	Gain an exceptional success against the source of your rage, or they get one against you. Alternately suffer a breaking point for harming an innocent.		Must make all out attacks or spend willpower each turn. Must spend Willpower to take nonviolent actions in response to threats or stress
Awestruck	●	A werewolf has used the Lunacy to project glorious terror on you.	WTF 2e 306	The source leaves your presence or stops inflicting Lunacy	Do something that serves the source of the condition	-2 to attack roles against the source. -3 to contested rolls against social actions from them and -3 to Composure and REsolve against actions and powers they use on you
Ban	○	You are compelled to obey one of the taboos of the Shadow.	WTF 2e 306	Resolved when you claim the beat, if it is not persistent.	Your adherence causes you a setback	-3 to all actions involved in breaking the ban. -2 to all dice pools until you correct the breach.
Berserk		Supernatural influence drives you to unthinking violence.	WTF 2e 306	You're knocked out. There's no-one to attack. The source of Lunacy leaves or stops inflicting Lunacy		Each turn, make Resolve + Compusre roll. If you fail you must attack the nearest target. If you succeed you are at -3 on all actions other than attacking the nearest target.
Cowed		Someone has weakened you through a display of dominance.	WTF 2e 307	Sucessfully injure or intimidate the source. Or regain a Willpower through your Blood.		-2 to all Physical and social rolls to oppose the source, unless you spend a Willpower
Cunning		Your Cunning waxes in a display that invites response.	WTF 2e 307	Once someone has used the +2 bonus, you may choose to shed this Condition and add your Cunning as automatic successes to any Larceny, Stealth or Subterfuge even if you roll no successes.		Characters trying to detect you or lies you tell get +2 to any relevant rolls.
Delusion		The Lunacy drives you into unthinking retreat.	WTF 2e 307	Spend a Willpower and learn something new, something secret about the source of the condition.		When facing the supernatural, or someone you think is the source of this Condition, flee or shut down. Every turn you may spend a Willpower to resist.
Demoralized		Failure dampens your fighting initiative.	WTF 2e 307	Receive an exceptional success on an attack roll. Win a fight. Survive a fight unharmed. A week passes.		Spending willpower adds only +1 to your attack. Youa re at -4 to your initiative and -2 to Resolve and Composure when they are used to resist or contest a pool
Easy Prey		You've left a strong trail for a hunter to follow and exploit.	WTF 2e 307	You are locate by a hunter and harmed by them (physically, mentally, or socially)		Attempts to find you through searching or tracking are at +2
Essence Overload		The imbalance of your bodily Essence has tied its loss to injury.	WTF 2e 307	Empty your Essence pool or earth the excess through a powerful conduit.		When you spend Essence, you must suceed at a Stamina roll or take one lethal. When you take damage form attacks, you bleed a point of Essence.
Exhausted		You're run ragged on the edge of unconsciousness.	WTF 2e 307	Have restful sleep.		-2 to all physical actions and rolls to remain conscious
Glorious		Your Glory waxes in a display that invites response.	WTF 2e 308	Once at least one individual has used the bonus, you may shed it to add your Glory in automatic successes to any Expression, Intimidation, or Persuasion, even if you roll no successes		Arguments and attacks against you gain a +2 bonus
Honorable		Your Honor waxes in a display that invites response.	WTF 2e 308	At least one person uses the bonus against you. You may shed this condition and add your Honor as automatic successes to any Empathy, Politics, or Socialize action, even if you rolled no successes.		Any attempts to fool or take advantage of you get +2
Invisible Predator		You've skulked on the hunt, leaving nary a trace of your approach.	WTF 2e 308	Deal damage to or hurt the prey through attack, social manipulation, or theft		The prey suffers -2 to rolls to detect or prepare for your arrival
Isolated		A werewolf's aura has drawn you out, away from allies.	WTF 2e 308	Suffer a wound penalty from lethal or aggravated wounds. Suffer a lethal wound in your last healthbox.		The target cannot benefit from or participate in teamwork. You cannot take advantage of Defense reduction for multiple attackers.
Lost Tracker		Frustrations on a hunt leave your tracking skills sloppy and halfhearted.	WTF 2e 308	Suceed in tracking the prey, regain faith in your ability		-2 to all tracking rolls
Lured	●	Hunting magic draws you to blindly wander into a likely trap.	WTF 2e 309	The character investigates the lure and encounters a threat. An hour passes.	You cause disruption and confusion among your allies.	Attempts to convince you it's a trap are at -5
Moon Taint		A werewolf's bite brings the change upon you against your will.	WTF 2e 309	Resist the change. Sun rises after the change. Poison yourself with wolfsbane		Achieve 5 successees on an extended Resolve Composure or eter Dalu
Mystified		A werewolf's aura shies you away from the opposite side of the Gauntlet.	WTF 2e 309	Suffer a Wound penalty from lethal or Agg, or suffer a lethal wound in your last health box.		Subtract gauntlet strength from 6. If the result is above your composure, you do not get 10 again on any rolls. If used on a spirit, it works in reverse. Subtract the gauntlet rating from all actions and the spirit becomes afraid of the human world..
Paranoid		Supernatural fear diminishes your ability to trust and depend on others.	WTF 2e 309	A week without a threat Manifesting. A friend rolling an exceptional success to convince you they are trustworthy.		-2 to perception rolls, social actions and dice pools to draw on Allies, Contacts, Retainers, Staff and Status merits.
Pure		Your Purity waxes in a display that invites response.	WTF 2e 309	Once anyone has used the bonus, you may shed this Condition to add your Purity in automatic successes to any Athletics, Brawl, or Survival action, even if she rolls no successes		Any rolls to tempt the character to disgrace are made at +2. When they stand up to temptation, they carry the terrifying mantle of their ancestors.
Reception		The Lunacy leaves you unwittingly open to the spirit world.	WTF 2e 310	Your character experiences grave danger as a result of their experience in the Hisil		Cannot resist posession and bleeds essence. They generate essence equal to their resolve. Spirits can consume this by touching, but werewolves have to eat their flesh. On a dramatic failure, they can slip into the Hisil rather than suffer a different failure.
Resigned		A werewolf's aura goads you into facing death recklessly.	WTF 2e 310	Suffer a wound penalty from lethal or aggravated damage, or suffer a lethal wound in your character’s last Health box.		May not spend willpower to add dice to resistance pools, or actions to defend from a deadly threat.
Shadow Paranoia		Supernatural fear builds into a violent, irrational panic.	WTF 2e 310	The character reaches a place of safety. The character achieves an exceptional success on a Perception roll.		-2 penalty on all Intelligence and Wits based rolls.
Shadowlashed		Errors on a Rite have invited the disdain of the spirit world.	WTF 2e 310	Successfully perform a rite. Have a meaningful interaction with a spiritual Touchstone. Meditate in the Shadow.		-2 penalty on all rolls for dealing with the shadow or it's denizens.
Siskur-Dah	●	You are empowered by the Sacred Hunt to bring a chosen prey low.	WTF 2e 310	The prey is brought down or the pack breaks off the Siskur-Dah	You achieve an exceptional success on an action involving your prey.	Tribal Benefits apply. See book for exact details.
Stumbled		A complication has arisen to interrupt an ongoing project.	WTF 2e 311	The Extended action ends		Each successive roll on the extended action is at -1
Swaggering		A werewolf's aura lulls you into overlooking the need for preparation or aid.	WTF 2e 311	Suffer a wound penalty from lethal or aggravated wounds, or suffer a lethal wound in your character’s last Health box.		Will not prepare to face the Rahu. Will not buy weapons or set traps or change routine without spending a willpower and succeeding on a Resolve+Comp roll.
Symbolic Focus		The power of a Rite still flows through you, enhancing spirit displays.	WTF 2e 311	Exceptional success on an interaction with a spirit. Falling into Wasu-Im. Breaking any ban she possesses.		Achieves Exceptional successes when dealing with spirits on 3 rather than 5.
Unaware		A werewolf's aura reduces your attention to the world around you.	WTF 2e 311	Suffer a wound penalty from lethal or aggravated wounds, or suffer a lethal wound in your character’s last Health box.		Reduce your composure by Irraka's cunning -1. (4 cunning would be -3 penalty)
Untraceable		You've thoroughly covered any trail a hunter might use to find you.	WTF 2e 311	This Condition hampers a number of tracking attempts against her equal to the greater of her Survival or Streetwise.		All attempts to track the character suffer a -2
Wise		Your Wisdom waxes in a display that invites response.	WTF 2e 311	Once anyone has used the bonus, you may shed this Condition to add your Wisdom Renown in successes to any Investigation, Medicine, or Occult action, even if she rolls no successes.		Any rolls to question or defy the characters advice is made at +2 dice.